src/_guides/whats-new.md, before:

---
title: What’s new
description: A list of what’s new on dart.dev and related sites.
toc: false
---

{% comment %}
  TODO: Next time we update this page, remove the `toc` line above.
{% endcomment %}

This page describes what's new on the Dart website and blog.
To see what's new in Flutter, visit the
[Flutter what's new page.][flutter-whats-new]

To stay on top of Dart announcements, including breaking changes,
join the [Dart announcements Google group.][dart-announce]

[flutter-whats-new]: {{site.flutter}}/docs/whats-new
[dart-announce]: https://groups.google.com/a/dartlang.org/d/forum/announce


## October 1, 2020: 2.10 release

This section lists notable changes made from
July 1 through October 1, 2020.

Dart 2.10 went live October 1!
For details, see [Announcing Dart 2.10.][210-ann]

[210-ann]: https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-10-350823952bd5

<div class="no_toc_section" markdown="1">

### Docs updated or added to dart.dev

In addition to bug fixes and small improvements,
we made the following changes to this site:

* Added a [`dart` tool page][dart-tool]
  to document the new command-line interface to the Dart SDK.
  The new `dart` tool is analogous to the `flutter` tool in the Flutter SDK.
  Previously, the `dart` command only ran command-line apps.
  We updated [the previous `dart` page][dart-vm] accordingly
  and plan to update references to other tools over time.
* Updated the [package changelog documentation][changelog-docs]
  to recommend a standard format for `CHANGELOG.md` files.
  This new format lets tools
  (such as the relaunched pub.dev)
  parse changelogs.
* Changed an [Effective Dart][] guideline to favor
  using `Object` instead of `dynamic`.
  For details, see the revised guideline
  [AVOID using `dynamic` unless you want to disable static checking.][dynamic]
* Updated the [diagnostic messages page][diagnostics] to
  include more messages produced by the Dart analyzer.
* Updated the [language evolution page][evolution]
  to include 2.9 and 2.10.
* Reorganized the [language specification page][spec]
  to make it easier to find the PDF version of
  the latest, in-progress specification.
* Added or updated docs related to [sound null safety][],
  a feature that's coming to the Dart language:
  * Clarified how to use [experiment flags with IDEs][experiments].
  * Updated the null safety page, adding information about
    [how to enable null safety][ns-enable].
  * Added a deep dive into null safety,
    [Understanding null safety][],
    written by Dart engineer Bob Nystrom.

[dart-tool]: /tools/dart-tool
[dart-vm]: /tools/dart-vm
[diagnostics]: /tools/diagnostic-messages
[dynamic]: /guides/language/effective-dart/design#avoid-using-dynamic-unless-you-want-to-disable-static-checking
[Effective Dart]: /guides/language/effective-dart
[evolution]: /guides/language/evolution
[experiments]: /tools/experiment-flags#using-experiment-flags-with-ides
[ns-enable]: /null-safety#enable-null-safety
[Understanding null safety]: /null-safety/understanding-null-safety
[sound null safety]: /null-safety
[diagnostics]: /tools/diagnostic-messages
[changelog-docs]: /tools/pub/package-layout#changelogmd
[spec]: /guides/language/spec

### Articles added to the Dart blog

We published the following articles on the [Dart blog:][Dart blog]

* [Exploring collections in Dart][] helps you use collections
  (lists, maps, sets, and more), with specal attention to
  2.3 language features like collection if, collection for, and spreads.
* [Google Summer of Code 2020 results][] describes the results of
  five projects that the Dart team mentored.
* [Introducing a brand new pub.dev][] announces the relaunch of
  the [pub.dev site,][pub.dev] with new package scoring metrics, improved search,
  and a redesigned UI.

We also improved the blog navigation,
adding **announcement** and **archive** tabs, plus a link to dart.dev.

{{ site.alert.tip }}
  All articles in the Dart blog are free to read.
{{ site.alert.end }}

</div>

[Dart blog]: https://medium.com/dartlang
[Exploring collections in Dart]: https://medium.com/dartlang/exploring-collections-in-dart-f66b6a02d0b1
[Google Summer of Code 2020 results]: https://medium.com/dartlang/google-summer-of-code-2020-results-a38cd072c9fe
[Introducing a brand new pub.dev]: https://medium.com/dartlang/pub-dev-redesign-747406dcb486
[pub.dev]: {{site.pub}}

Commit message:

[sync] 2021/02/11
- 新增 Language samples 需要翻译 src/samples/index_migrated.md

src/_guides/whats-new.md, after:

---
title: What’s new
description: A list of what’s new on dart.dev and related sites.
toc: false
---

{% comment %}
  TODO: Next time we update this page, remove the `toc` line above.
{% endcomment %}

This page describes what's new on the Dart website and blog.
To see what's new in Flutter, visit the
[Flutter what's new page.][flutter-whats-new]

For a list of Dart language changes in each Dart SDK, see the 
[language evolution page](/guides/language/evolution).
To stay on top of announcements, including breaking changes,
join the [Dart announcements Google group][dart-announce]
and follow the [Dart blog][].

[flutter-whats-new]: {{site.flutter}}/docs/whats-new
[dart-announce]: https://groups.google.com/a/dartlang.org/d/forum/announce
[Dart blog]: https://medium.com/dartlang

## October 1, 2020: 2.10 release

This section lists notable changes made from
July 1 through October 1, 2020.

Dart 2.10 went live October 1!
For details, see [Announcing Dart 2.10.][210-ann]

[210-ann]: https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-10-350823952bd5

<div class="no_toc_section" markdown="1">

### Docs updated or added to dart.dev

In addition to bug fixes and small improvements,
we made the following changes to this site:

* Added a [`dart` tool page][dart-tool]
  to document the new command-line interface to the Dart SDK.
  The new `dart` tool is analogous to the `flutter` tool in the Flutter SDK.
  Previously, the `dart` command only ran command-line apps.
  We updated [the previous `dart` page][dart-vm] accordingly
  and plan to update references to other tools over time.
* Updated the [package changelog documentation][changelog-docs]
  to recommend a standard format for `CHANGELOG.md` files.
  This new format lets tools
  (such as the relaunched pub.dev)
  parse changelogs.
* Changed an [Effective Dart][] guideline to favor
  using `Object` instead of `dynamic`.
  For details, see the revised guideline
  [AVOID using `dynamic` unless you want to disable static checking.][dynamic]
* Updated the [diagnostic messages page][diagnostics] to
  include more messages produced by the Dart analyzer.
* Updated the [language evolution page][evolution]
  to include 2.9 and 2.10.
* Reorganized the [language specification page][spec]
  to make it easier to find the PDF version of
  the latest, in-progress specification.
* Added or updated docs related to [sound null safety][],
  a feature that's coming to the Dart language:
  * Clarified how to use [experiment flags with IDEs][experiments].
  * Updated the null safety page, adding information about
    [how to enable null safety][ns-enable].
  * Added a deep dive into null safety,
    [Understanding null safety][],
    written by Dart engineer Bob Nystrom.

[dart-tool]: /tools/dart-tool
[dart-vm]: /tools/dart-vm
[diagnostics]: /tools/diagnostic-messages
[dynamic]: /guides/language/effective-dart/design#avoid-using-dynamic-unless-you-want-to-disable-static-checking
[Effective Dart]: /guides/language/effective-dart
[evolution]: /guides/language/evolution
[experiments]: /tools/experiment-flags#using-experiment-flags-with-ides
[ns-enable]: /null-safety#enable-null-safety
[Understanding null safety]: /null-safety/understanding-null-safety
[sound null safety]: /null-safety
[diagnostics]: /tools/diagnostic-messages
[changelog-docs]: /tools/pub/package-layout#changelogmd
[spec]: /guides/language/spec

### Articles added to the Dart blog

We published the following articles on the [Dart blog:][Dart blog]

* [Exploring collections in Dart][] helps you use collections
  (lists, maps, sets, and more), with specal attention to
  2.3 language features like collection if, collection for, and spreads.
* [Google Summer of Code 2020 results][] describes the results of
  five projects that the Dart team mentored.
* [Introducing a brand new pub.dev][] announces the relaunch of
  the [pub.dev site,][pub.dev] with new package scoring metrics, improved search,
  and a redesigned UI.

We also improved the blog navigation,
adding **announcement** and **archive** tabs, plus a link to dart.dev.

{{ site.alert.tip }}
  All articles in the Dart blog are free to read.
{{ site.alert.end }}

</div>

[Dart blog]: https://medium.com/dartlang
[Exploring collections in Dart]: https://medium.com/dartlang/exploring-collections-in-dart-f66b6a02d0b1
[Google Summer of Code 2020 results]: https://medium.com/dartlang/google-summer-of-code-2020-results-a38cd072c9fe
[Introducing a brand new pub.dev]: https://medium.com/dartlang/pub-dev-redesign-747406dcb486
[pub.dev]: {{site.pub}}
