src/tools/pub/cmd/pub-uploader.md, before:

---
title: pub uploader
title: pub uploader
description: Use pub uploader to add or remove uploaders for your Dart package on the pub.dev site.
description: 使用 pub uploader 命令为你在 pub.dev 网站上的 Dart Package 添加或删除上传者。
toc: false
---

_Uploader_ is one of the commands of the [pub tool](/tools/pub/cmd).

_Uploader_ 命令是 [Pub 工具](/tools/pub/cmd) 中的一个命令。

{% prettify nocode %}
$ pub uploader [options] {add/remove} <email>
{% endprettify %}

This command allows
[uploaders](/tools/pub/glossary#uploader) of a
package on the [pub.dev site]({{site.pub}}) to add or remove
other uploaders for that package. It has two sub-commands,
`add` and `remove`, that take the email address of the person to
add/remove as an uploader. For example:

该命令允许 [pub.dev 网站]({{site.pub}})上某个 Package 的 [上传者](/tools/pub/glossary#uploader) 
为该 Package 添加或删除其它的上传者。
其有两个子命令 `add` 和 `remove`，
可以将电子邮件地址作为某个上传者的标识以此来添加或删除上传者。例如：

```terminal
~/code/transmogrify$ pub uploader add bob@example.com
'bob@example.com' added as an uploader for package 'transmogrify'.

“bob@example.com” 这个电子邮件的所有者将成为 “transmogrify” 这个 Package 的上传者。

~/code/transmogrify$ pub uploader remove bob@example.com
'bob@example.com' is no longer an uploader for package 'transmogrify'.

“bob@example.com” 这个电子邮件的所有者不再是 “transmogrify” 这个 Package 的上传者。
```

If a package has only one uploader, that uploader can't be removed. You may
remove yourself as an uploader (as long as other uploaders are available),
but you won't be able to re-add yourself again afterwards.

如果 Package 有且只有一个上传者，则该上传者不能再被删除。
你可以将自己从上传者列表中删除（只要 Package 中还有其它的上传者即可），
但是一旦你删除了自己后则不能再将自己添加回去。

By default, the package in the current working directory will have its
uploaders modified. You can also pass the `--package` flag to choose a
package by name. For example:

默认情况下，你修改的是当前工作目录中 Package 的上传者。
你可以通过 `--package` 标识来指定修改哪个 Package 的上传者。例如：

```terminal
$ pub uploader --package=transmogrify add bob@example.com
'bob@example.com' added as an uploader for package 'transmogrify'.
“bob@example.com” 这个电子邮件的所有者将成为 “transmogrify” 这个 Package 的上传者。
```

Note that uploaders are identified by their Google accounts, so use a Gmail or
Google Apps email address for any new uploaders.

需要注意的是 Google 账户是上传者的识别标识，
所以请使用 Gmail 或者 Google 应用电子邮件地址作为新上传者的标识。

## 选项

For options that apply to all pub commands, see
[Global options](/tools/pub/cmd#global-options).

你可以查阅 [全局选项](/tools/pub/cmd#global-options) 获取 Pub 命令所支持的命令选项。

<aside class="alert alert-info" markdown="1">
  *Problems?* See [Troubleshooting Pub](/tools/pub/troubleshoot).

  **有疑问？** 请查阅 [Pub 疑难协助](/tools/pub/troubleshoot)。
</aside>

Commit message:

[sync] 2019/11/24
11/24 文档更新：
[misc]: "Dart 语言核心库 src/_guides/language/language-tour.md" 页面加入了更清晰的分类方法，将全平台、原生平台和 Web 平台可用的库做出了较为明细的规整。 [misc]: "Dart 开发语言概览 src/_guides/libraries/index.md" 页面更新和规整了新的提醒块显示的样式。
[misc]: _config.yml 新增 版本记录 （version note）
[misc]: Dart 命名风格 style.md 新增 **extensions** 命名风格
[misc]: 创建 dart 库 create-library-packages.md 新增 **Conditionally importing and exporting**，用于多平台判断导入/导出的文件。
[misc]: dart 库指南 library-tour.md 处理 site alert
[misc]: 异步 2.0 async-await-2.0.md 解释了 dart 1.x 与 2.0 中异步方法的执行方式及区别。
[misc]: 流 streams.md 处理 site alert
[misc]: 新增 cmdline.md 需要翻译
[misc]: 开始使用 Dart get-started.md 更新了 DartPad 的引用，添加了一行 js
[misc]: DartPad dartpad_picker_main.dart.js 更新了一处代码
[misc]: dart-cheatsheet.md 新增内容
[misc]: Dart 备忘录 dart-cheatsheet  新增内容
[misc]: DartPad 目录 index.md 新增 web 嵌入式 DartPad 相关信息。
[misc]: pub 命令 pub-deps.md 新增依赖输出格式描述
[misc]: pub 更新器 pub-uploader.md

src/tools/pub/cmd/pub-uploader.md, after:

---
title: pub uploader
title: pub uploader
description: Use pub uploader to add or remove uploaders for your Dart package on the pub.dev site.
description: 使用 pub uploader 命令为你在 pub.dev 网站上的 Dart Package 添加或删除上传者。
toc: false
---

{{site.alert.tip}}

  Instead of specifying uploaders for each package you publish,
  consider using a
  [verified publisher](/tools/pub/verified-publishers).

  除了可以明确指定你发布的每个软件包的发布者之外，
  你还可以考虑使用 [verified publisher](/tools/pub/verified-publishers)。

{{site.alert.end}}

_Uploader_ is one of the commands of the [pub tool](/tools/pub/cmd).

_Uploader_ 命令是 [Pub 工具](/tools/pub/cmd) 中的一个命令。

{% prettify nocode %}
$ pub uploader [options] {add/remove} <email>
{% endprettify %}

This command allows
[uploaders](/tools/pub/glossary#uploader) of a
package on the [pub.dev site]({{site.pub}}) to add or remove
other uploaders for that package. It has two sub-commands,
`add` and `remove`, that take the email address of the person to
add/remove as an uploader. For example:

该命令允许 [pub.dev 网站]({{site.pub}})上某个 Package 的 [上传者](/tools/pub/glossary#uploader) 
为该 Package 添加或删除其它的上传者。
其有两个子命令 `add` 和 `remove`，
可以将电子邮件地址作为某个上传者的标识以此来添加或删除上传者。例如：

```terminal
~/code/transmogrify$ pub uploader add bob@example.com
'bob@example.com' added as an uploader for package 'transmogrify'.

“bob@example.com” 这个电子邮件的所有者将成为 “transmogrify” 这个 Package 的上传者。

~/code/transmogrify$ pub uploader remove bob@example.com
'bob@example.com' is no longer an uploader for package 'transmogrify'.

“bob@example.com” 这个电子邮件的所有者不再是 “transmogrify” 这个 Package 的上传者。
```

If a package has only one uploader, that uploader can't be removed. You can
remove yourself as an uploader (as long as other uploaders are available),
but you can't re-add yourself again afterwards.

如果 Package 有且只有一个上传者，则该上传者不能再被删除。
你可以将自己从上传者列表中删除（只要 Package 中还有其它的上传者即可），
但是一旦你删除了自己后则不能再将自己添加回去。

By default, the package in the current working directory will have its
uploaders modified. You can also pass the `--package` flag to choose a
package by name. For example:

默认情况下，你修改的是当前工作目录中 Package 的上传者。
你可以通过 `--package` 标识来指定修改哪个 Package 的上传者。例如：

```terminal
$ pub uploader --package=transmogrify add bob@example.com
'bob@example.com' added as an uploader for package 'transmogrify'.
“bob@example.com” 这个电子邮件的所有者将成为 “transmogrify” 这个 Package 的上传者。
```

Note that uploaders are identified by their Google accounts, so use a Gmail or
Google Apps email address for any new uploaders.

需要注意的是 Google 账户是上传者的识别标识，
所以请使用 Gmail 或者 Google 应用电子邮件地址作为新上传者的标识。

## 选项

For options that apply to all pub commands, see
[Global options](/tools/pub/cmd#global-options).

你可以查阅 [全局选项](/tools/pub/cmd#global-options) 获取 Pub 命令所支持的命令选项。

<aside class="alert alert-info" markdown="1">
  *Problems?* See [Troubleshooting Pub](/tools/pub/troubleshoot).

  **有疑问？** 请查阅 [Pub 疑难协助](/tools/pub/troubleshoot)。
</aside>
