src/tools/pub/pubspec.md, before:

---
title: The pubspec file
title: Pubspec 文件
---

Every [pub package](/guides/packages) needs some metadata so it can specify its
[dependencies](/tools/pub/glossary#dependency). Pub packages that are shared with
others also need to provide some other information so users can discover them.
All of this metadata goes in the package's _pubspec:_
a file named `pubspec.yaml` that's written in the
[YAML](https://yaml.org/) language.

{% comment %}
PENDING: acknowledge the existence of pubspec.lock files.
{% endcomment %}


## Supported fields

A pubspec can have the following fields:

`name`
: Required for every package.
  [_Learn more._](#name)

`version`
: Required for packages that are hosted on the pub.dev site.
  [_Learn more._](#version)

`description`
: Required for packages that are hosted on the [pub.dev site.]({{site.pub}})
  [_Learn more._](#description)

`author` or `authors`
: Optional.
  [_Learn more._](#authorauthors)

`homepage`
: Optional. URL pointing to the package's homepage (or source code repository).
  [_Learn more._](#homepage)

`repository`
: Optional. URL pointing to the package's source code repository.
  [_Learn more._](#repository)

`issue_tracker`
: Optional. URL pointing to an issue tracker for the package.
  [_Learn more._](#issue-tracker)

`documentation`
: Optional. URL pointing to documentation for the package.
  [_Learn more._](#documentation)

`dependencies`
: Can be omitted if your package has no dependencies.
  [_Learn more._](#dependencies)

`dev_dependencies`
: Can be omitted if your package has no dev dependencies.
  [_Learn more._](#dependencies)

`dependency_overrides`
: Can be omitted if you do not need to override any dependencies.
  [_Learn more._](#dependencies)

`environment`
: Required as of Dart 2.
  [_Learn more._](#sdk-constraints)

`executables`
: Optional. Used to put a package's executables on your PATH.
  [_Learn more._](#executables)

`publish_to`
: Optional. Specify where to publish a package.
  [_Learn more._](#publish_to)

Pub ignores all other fields,

<aside class="alert alert-info" markdown="1">
**Flutter note:** Pubspecs for [Flutter apps]({{site.flutter}}) can have
[a few additional fields]({{site.flutter}}/assets-and-images)
for managing assets.
</aside>

If you add a custom field, give it a unique name
that won't clash with future pubspec fields.
For example, instead of adding `bugs`,
you might add a field named `my_pkg_bugs`.


## Example

A simple but complete pubspec looks something like the following:

{% prettify yaml %}
name: newtify
version: 1.2.3
description: >-
  Have you been turned into a newt?  Would you like to be?
  This package can help. It has all of the
  newt-transmogrification functionality you have been looking
  for.
author: Natalie Weizenbaum <nweiz@google.com>
homepage: https://example-pet-store.com/newtify
documentation: https://example-pet-store.com/newtify/docs
environment:
  sdk: '>=2.0.0 <3.0.0'
dependencies:
  efts: ^2.0.4
  transmogrify: ^0.4.0
dev_dependencies:
  test: '>=0.6.0 <0.12.0'
{% endprettify %}


## Details

This section has more information about most of the pubspec fields.

{% comment %}
TODO: Consider adding subsection for publish_to and anything else
that's missing so we don't have to say "most of".
https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/issues/702
{% endcomment %}


### Name

Every package needs a name.  It's how other packages refer to yours,
and how it appears to the world, should you publish it.

The name should be all lowercase, with underscores to separate words,
`just_like_this`. Use only basic Latin letters and Arabic digits:
`[a-z0-9_]`. Also, make sure the name is a valid Dart identifier—that it
doesn't start with digits and isn't a
[reserved word](/guides/language/language-tour#keywords).

Try to pick a name that is clear, terse, and not already in use.
A quick search of packages on the
[pub.dev site]({{site.pub}}/packages)
to make sure that nothing else is using your name is recommended.

### Version

Every package has a version. A version number is required to host your package
on the pub.dev site, but can be omitted for local-only packages. If you omit
it, your package is implicitly versioned `0.0.0`.

Versioning is necessary for reusing code while letting it evolve quickly. A
version number is three numbers separated by dots, like `0.2.43`. It can also
optionally have a build ( `+1`, `+2`, `+hotfix.oopsie`) or prerelease
(`-dev.4`, `-alpha.12`, `-beta.7`, `-rc.5`) suffix.

Each time you publish your package, you publish it at a specific version.
Once that's been done, consider it hermetically sealed: you can't touch it
anymore. To make more changes, you'll need a new version.

When you select a version, follow [semantic versioning.][semantic versioning]

[semantic versioning]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0-rc.1.html

### Description

This is optional for your own personal packages, but if you intend to
publish your package you must provide a description, which should be in English.
The description should be relatively short&mdash;60 to 180 characters&mdash;and
tell a casual reader what they might want to know about your package.

Think of the description as the sales pitch for your package. Users see it
when they [browse for packages.]({{site.pub}}/packages)
The description is plain text: no markdown or HTML.

### Author/authors

You're encouraged to use these fields to describe the author(s) of your package
and provide contact information. Use `author` if your package has a
single author, or use `authors` with a YAML list if more than one
person wrote the package. Each author can be either a single name
(`Natalie Weizenbaum`) or a name and an email address
(`Natalie Weizenbaum <nweiz@google.com>`). For example:

{% prettify yaml %}
authors:
- Natalie Weizenbaum <nweiz@google.com>
- Bob Nystrom <rnystrom@google.com>
{% endprettify %}

The email addresses can be from any provider.
If anyone uploads your package to the pub.dev site,
then the author information (including email addresses) becomes public.

### Homepage

This should be a URL pointing to the website for your package.
For [hosted packages](/tools/pub/dependencies#hosted-packages),
this URL is linked from the package's page.
While providing a `homepage` is optional, *please provide* it or `repository`
(or both). It helps users understand where your package is coming from.

### Repository

The optional `repository` field should contain the URL for your package's source
code repository — for example, `https://github.com/<user>/<repository>`.
If you publish your package to the pub.dev site, then your package's page
displays the repository URL.
While providing a `repository` is optional, *please provide* it or `homepage`
(or both). It helps users understand where your package is coming from.

### Issue tracker

The optional `issue_tracker` field should contain a URL for the package's
issue tracker, where existing bugs can be viewed and new bugs can be filed.
The pub.dev site attempts to display a link to each package's issue
tracker, using the value of this field. If `issue_tracker` is missing but
`repository` is present and points to GitHub, then the pub.dev site uses the
default issue tracker (`https://github.com/<user>/<repository>/issues`).

### Documentation

Some packages have a site that hosts documentation, separate from the main
homepage and from the Pub-generated API reference.
If your package has additional documentation, add a `documentation:` field
with that URL; pub shows a link to this documentation on your package's page.

### Dependencies

[Dependencies](/tools/pub/glossary#dependency) are the pubspec's *raison d'être*.
In this section you list each package that your package needs in order to work.

Dependencies fall into one of two types. _Regular dependencies_ are listed
under `dependencies:`&mdash;these are packages that anyone using your package
will also need. Dependencies that are only needed in the development phase of
the package itself are listed under `dev_dependencies`.

During the development process, you might need to temporarily override
a dependency.  You can do so using `dependency_overrides`.

For more information, see [Package dependencies](/tools/pub/dependencies).

### Executables

A package may expose one or more of its scripts as executables that
can be run directly from the command line. To make a script publicly
available, list it under the `executables` field.
Entries are listed as key/value pairs:

{% prettify none %}
<name-of-executable>: <Dart-script-from-bin>
{% endprettify %}

For example, the following pubspec entry lists two scripts:

{% prettify yaml %}
executables:
  polymer-new-element: new_element
  useful-script:
{% endprettify %}

Once the package is activated using `pub global activate`,
typing `polymer-new-element` executes `bin/new_element.dart`.
Typing `useful-script` executes `bin/useful-script.dart`.
If you don't specify the value, it is inferred from the key.

For more information, see
[pub global](/tools/pub/cmd/pub-global#running-a-script-from-your-path).


### Publish_to

The default uses the [pub.dev site.]({{site.pub}}) Specify `none` to prevent
a package from being published. This setting can be used to specify a
[custom pub package server](https://github.com/dart-lang/pub-dev)
to publish.

{% prettify yaml %}
publish_to: none
{% endprettify %}


### SDK constraints

A package can indicate which versions of its dependencies it supports, but
packages have another implicit dependency: the Dart platform itself.
The Dart platform evolves over time, and a package might only work with certain
versions of the platform.

A package can specify those versions using an *SDK constraint*. This
constraint goes inside a separate top-level `environment` field in the pubspec
and uses the same
[version constraint](/tools/pub/dependencies#version-constraints) syntax as
dependencies.

For example, the following constraint says that this package
works with any **Dart 2** SDK that's version 2.0.0 or higher:

{% prettify yaml %}
environment:
  sdk: '>=2.0.0 <3.0.0'
{% endprettify %}

Pub tries to find the latest version of a package whose SDK constraint works
with the version of the Dart SDK that you have installed.

<aside class="alert alert-warning" markdown="1">
  **Don't use caret syntax** (`^`) for the SDK constraint,
  and **do include an upper bound** (`<3.0.0`, usually).
  For more information, see the [Dart 2 page](/dart-2).
</aside>


#### Flutter SDK constraints

As of Dart 1.19.0,
pub supports Flutter SDK constraints under the `environment:` field:

{% prettify yaml %}
environment:
  sdk: '>=1.19.0 <3.0.0'
  flutter: ^0.1.2
{% endprettify %}

A Flutter SDK constraint is satisfied only if pub is running in the
context of the `flutter` executable, and the Flutter SDK's
`version` file matches the given version constraint. Otherwise,
the package will not be selected.

To publish a package with a Flutter SDK constraint,
you must specify a Dart SDK constraint with a minimum version of
at least 1.19.0, to ensure that older versions of pub won't
accidentally install packages that need Flutter.

[pubsite]: {{site.pub}}
[semantic versioning]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0-rc.1.html

Commit message:

[sync] 2019/11/24
11/24 文档更新：
[misc]: "Dart 语言核心库 src/_guides/language/language-tour.md" 页面加入了更清晰的分类方法，将全平台、原生平台和 Web 平台可用的库做出了较为明细的规整。 [misc]: "Dart 开发语言概览 src/_guides/libraries/index.md" 页面更新和规整了新的提醒块显示的样式。
[misc]: _config.yml 新增 版本记录 （version note）
[misc]: Dart 命名风格 style.md 新增 **extensions** 命名风格
[misc]: 创建 dart 库 create-library-packages.md 新增 **Conditionally importing and exporting**，用于多平台判断导入/导出的文件。
[misc]: dart 库指南 library-tour.md 处理 site alert
[misc]: 异步 2.0 async-await-2.0.md 解释了 dart 1.x 与 2.0 中异步方法的执行方式及区别。
[misc]: 流 streams.md 处理 site alert
[misc]: 新增 cmdline.md 需要翻译
[misc]: 开始使用 Dart get-started.md 更新了 DartPad 的引用，添加了一行 js
[misc]: DartPad dartpad_picker_main.dart.js 更新了一处代码
[misc]: dart-cheatsheet.md 新增内容
[misc]: Dart 备忘录 dart-cheatsheet  新增内容
[misc]: DartPad 目录 index.md 新增 web 嵌入式 DartPad 相关信息。
[misc]: pub 命令 pub-deps.md 新增依赖输出格式描述
[misc]: pub 更新器 pub-uploader.md

src/tools/pub/pubspec.md, after:

---
title: The pubspec file
title: Pubspec 文件
---

Every [pub package](/guides/packages) needs some metadata so it can specify its
[dependencies](/tools/pub/glossary#dependency). Pub packages that are shared with
others also need to provide some other information so users can discover them.
All of this metadata goes in the package's _pubspec:_
a file named `pubspec.yaml` that's written in the
[YAML](https://yaml.org/) language.

{% comment %}
PENDING: acknowledge the existence of pubspec.lock files.
{% endcomment %}


## Supported fields

A pubspec can have the following fields:

`name`
: Required for every package.
  [_Learn more._](#name)

`version`
: Required for packages that are hosted on the pub.dev site.
  [_Learn more._](#version)

`description`
: Required for packages that are hosted on the [pub.dev site.]({{site.pub}})
  [_Learn more._](#description)

`homepage`
: Optional. URL pointing to the package's homepage (or source code repository).
  [_Learn more._](#homepage)

`repository`
: Optional. URL pointing to the package's source code repository.
  [_Learn more._](#repository)

`issue_tracker`
: Optional. URL pointing to an issue tracker for the package.
  [_Learn more._](#issue-tracker)

`documentation`
: Optional. URL pointing to documentation for the package.
  [_Learn more._](#documentation)

`dependencies`
: Can be omitted if your package has no dependencies.
  [_Learn more._](#dependencies)

`dev_dependencies`
: Can be omitted if your package has no dev dependencies.
  [_Learn more._](#dependencies)

`dependency_overrides`
: Can be omitted if you do not need to override any dependencies.
  [_Learn more._](#dependencies)

`environment`
: Required as of Dart 2.
  [_Learn more._](#sdk-constraints)

`executables`
: Optional. Used to put a package's executables on your PATH.
  [_Learn more._](#executables)

`publish_to`
: Optional. Specify where to publish a package.
  [_Learn more._](#publish_to)

Pub ignores all other fields,

<aside class="alert alert-info" markdown="1">
**Flutter note:** Pubspecs for [Flutter apps]({{site.flutter}}) can have
[a few additional fields]({{site.flutter}}/assets-and-images)
for managing assets.
</aside>

If you add a custom field, give it a unique name
that won't clash with future pubspec fields.
For example, instead of adding `bugs`,
you might add a field named `my_pkg_bugs`.


## Example

A simple but complete pubspec looks something like the following:

{% prettify yaml %}
name: newtify
version: 1.2.3
description: >-
  Have you been turned into a newt?  Would you like to be?
  This package can help. It has all of the
  newt-transmogrification functionality you have been looking
  for.
homepage: https://example-pet-store.com/newtify
documentation: https://example-pet-store.com/newtify/docs
environment:
  sdk: '>=2.0.0 <3.0.0'
dependencies:
  efts: ^2.0.4
  transmogrify: ^0.4.0
dev_dependencies:
  test: '>=0.6.0 <0.12.0'
{% endprettify %}


## Details

This section has more information about most of the pubspec fields.

{% comment %}
TODO: Consider adding subsection for publish_to and anything else
that's missing so we don't have to say "most of".
https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/issues/702
{% endcomment %}


### Name

Every package needs a name.  It's how other packages refer to yours,
and how it appears to the world, should you publish it.

The name should be all lowercase, with underscores to separate words,
`just_like_this`. Use only basic Latin letters and Arabic digits:
`[a-z0-9_]`. Also, make sure the name is a valid Dart identifier—that it
doesn't start with digits and isn't a
[reserved word](/guides/language/language-tour#keywords).

Try to pick a name that is clear, terse, and not already in use.
A quick search of packages on the
[pub.dev site]({{site.pub}}/packages)
to make sure that nothing else is using your name is recommended.

### Version

Every package has a version. A version number is required to host your package
on the pub.dev site, but can be omitted for local-only packages. If you omit
it, your package is implicitly versioned `0.0.0`.

Versioning is necessary for reusing code while letting it evolve quickly. A
version number is three numbers separated by dots, like `0.2.43`. It can also
optionally have a build ( `+1`, `+2`, `+hotfix.oopsie`) or prerelease
(`-dev.4`, `-alpha.12`, `-beta.7`, `-rc.5`) suffix.

Each time you publish your package, you publish it at a specific version.
Once that's been done, consider it hermetically sealed: you can't touch it
anymore. To make more changes, you'll need a new version.

When you select a version, follow [semantic versioning.][semantic versioning]

[semantic versioning]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0-rc.1.html

### Description

This is optional for your own personal packages, but if you intend to
publish your package you must provide a description, which should be in English.
The description should be relatively short&mdash;60 to 180 characters&mdash;and
tell a casual reader what they might want to know about your package.

Think of the description as the sales pitch for your package. Users see it
when they [browse for packages.]({{site.pub}}/packages)
The description is plain text: no markdown or HTML.

### Author/authors

_Deprecated._ Use a [verified publisher][] instead.

[verified publisher]: /tools/pub/verified-publishers

You might see an `author` or `authors` section in old pubspecs.
These optional fields were a way to describe
the author(s) of your package and to provide contact information.
Each author could be either a single name
(`Natalie Weizenbaum`) or a name and an email address
(`Natalie Weizenbaum <nweiz@google.com>`).
However, these values weren't verified.

The pub.dev site no longer displays package authors, and
(as of Dart 2.7) the `pub publish` command
displays a warning if your pubspec has an `author` or `authors` section.


### Homepage

This should be a URL pointing to the website for your package.
For [hosted packages](/tools/pub/dependencies#hosted-packages),
this URL is linked from the package's page.
While providing a `homepage` is optional, *please provide* it or `repository`
(or both). It helps users understand where your package is coming from.

### Repository

The optional `repository` field should contain the URL for your package's source
code repository — for example, `https://github.com/<user>/<repository>`.
If you publish your package to the pub.dev site, then your package's page
displays the repository URL.
While providing a `repository` is optional, *please provide* it or `homepage`
(or both). It helps users understand where your package is coming from.

### Issue tracker

The optional `issue_tracker` field should contain a URL for the package's
issue tracker, where existing bugs can be viewed and new bugs can be filed.
The pub.dev site attempts to display a link to each package's issue
tracker, using the value of this field. If `issue_tracker` is missing but
`repository` is present and points to GitHub, then the pub.dev site uses the
default issue tracker (`https://github.com/<user>/<repository>/issues`).

### Documentation

Some packages have a site that hosts documentation, separate from the main
homepage and from the Pub-generated API reference.
If your package has additional documentation, add a `documentation:` field
with that URL; pub shows a link to this documentation on your package's page.

### Dependencies

[Dependencies](/tools/pub/glossary#dependency) are the pubspec's *raison d'être*.
In this section you list each package that your package needs in order to work.

Dependencies fall into one of two types. _Regular dependencies_ are listed
under `dependencies:`&mdash;these are packages that anyone using your package
will also need. Dependencies that are only needed in the development phase of
the package itself are listed under `dev_dependencies`.

During the development process, you might need to temporarily override
a dependency.  You can do so using `dependency_overrides`.

For more information, see [Package dependencies](/tools/pub/dependencies).

### Executables

A package may expose one or more of its scripts as executables that
can be run directly from the command line. To make a script publicly
available, list it under the `executables` field.
Entries are listed as key/value pairs:

{% prettify none %}
<name-of-executable>: <Dart-script-from-bin>
{% endprettify %}

For example, the following pubspec entry lists two scripts:

{% prettify yaml %}
executables:
  polymer-new-element: new_element
  useful-script:
{% endprettify %}

Once the package is activated using `pub global activate`,
typing `polymer-new-element` executes `bin/new_element.dart`.
Typing `useful-script` executes `bin/useful-script.dart`.
If you don't specify the value, it is inferred from the key.

For more information, see
[pub global](/tools/pub/cmd/pub-global#running-a-script-from-your-path).


### Publish_to

The default uses the [pub.dev site.]({{site.pub}}) Specify `none` to prevent
a package from being published. This setting can be used to specify a
[custom pub package server](https://github.com/dart-lang/pub-dev)
to publish.

{% prettify yaml %}
publish_to: none
{% endprettify %}


### SDK constraints

A package can indicate which versions of its dependencies it supports, but
packages have another implicit dependency: the Dart platform itself.
The Dart platform evolves over time, and a package might only work with certain
versions of the platform.

A package can specify those versions using an *SDK constraint*. This
constraint goes inside a separate top-level `environment` field in the pubspec
and uses the same
[version constraint](/tools/pub/dependencies#version-constraints) syntax as
dependencies.

For example, the following constraint says that this package
works with any **Dart 2** SDK that's version 2.0.0 or higher:

{% prettify yaml %}
environment:
  sdk: '>=2.0.0 <3.0.0'
{% endprettify %}

Pub tries to find the latest version of a package whose SDK constraint works
with the version of the Dart SDK that you have installed.

<aside class="alert alert-warning" markdown="1">
  **Don't use caret syntax** (`^`) for the SDK constraint,
  and **do include an upper bound** (`<3.0.0`, usually).
  For more information, see the [Dart 2 page](/dart-2).
</aside>


#### Flutter SDK constraints

As of Dart 1.19.0,
pub supports Flutter SDK constraints under the `environment:` field:

{% prettify yaml %}
environment:
  sdk: '>=1.19.0 <3.0.0'
  flutter: ^0.1.2
{% endprettify %}

A Flutter SDK constraint is satisfied only if pub is running in the
context of the `flutter` executable, and the Flutter SDK's
`version` file matches the given version constraint. Otherwise,
the package will not be selected.

To publish a package with a Flutter SDK constraint,
you must specify a Dart SDK constraint with a minimum version of
at least 1.19.0, to ensure that older versions of pub won't
accidentally install packages that need Flutter.

[pubsite]: {{site.pub}}
[semantic versioning]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0-rc.1.html
