src/tools/dartpad/troubleshoot.md, before:

---
title: Troubleshooting DartPad
title: DartPad 问题排查
description: Common problems with using DartPad
description: 在使用 DartPad 时的常见问题
---

This page describes solutions to problems that might occur when
you're trying to use DartPad, whether at [dartpad.dev]({{ site.dartpad }})
or in a page that has embedded DartPads.

## Embedded DartPads on flutter.dev are slow in Safari

Try using another major [browser that Dart supports][browser], such as Firefox,
Edge (dev channel), or Chrome. 
This issue is being tracked in the WebKit issue tracker.

[More information](https://github.com/dart-lang/dart-pad/issues/1108)

[browser]: /faq#q-what-browsers-do-you-support-as-javascript-compilation-targets


## Embedded DartPads don't appear

The dart.dev homepage and many codelabs have embedded DartPads.
If these DartPads don't appear at all,
then try the following:

* Make sure you're using a [supported browser][browser].
  DartPad might not work in other browsers, and is known not to work in
  the default configuration of the Brave browser.

* If you're using an ad blocker, disable it.

* Check whether you've disabled third-party
  tracking cookies ([Chrome instructions][chrome-cookies]).
  If you've disabled cookies, change your settings to
  **allow cookies for dartpad.dev.**

* If you repeatedly reload a page that contains embedded DartPads, 
  then you might run into [GitHub rate limiting.](https://developer.github.com/v3/#rate-limiting)
  Within 60 minutes, you should be able to reload the page and see code in the embedded DartPads.

Although DartPad doesn't use cookies, it does rely on local storage,
which browsers usually disable when cookies are disabled.


## DartPad doesn't work in China
  
Try [dartpad.cn.](https://dartpad.cn)

## Other issues

If you have any other problems when using DartPad,
[create an issue on GitHub.][new-issue]

[chrome-cookies]: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
[new-issue]: https://github.com/dart-lang/dart-pad/issues/new

Commit message:

[sync] 2019/11/24
11/24 文档更新：
[misc]: "Dart 语言核心库 src/_guides/language/language-tour.md" 页面加入了更清晰的分类方法，将全平台、原生平台和 Web 平台可用的库做出了较为明细的规整。 [misc]: "Dart 开发语言概览 src/_guides/libraries/index.md" 页面更新和规整了新的提醒块显示的样式。
[misc]: _config.yml 新增 版本记录 （version note）
[misc]: Dart 命名风格 style.md 新增 **extensions** 命名风格
[misc]: 创建 dart 库 create-library-packages.md 新增 **Conditionally importing and exporting**，用于多平台判断导入/导出的文件。
[misc]: dart 库指南 library-tour.md 处理 site alert
[misc]: 异步 2.0 async-await-2.0.md 解释了 dart 1.x 与 2.0 中异步方法的执行方式及区别。
[misc]: 流 streams.md 处理 site alert
[misc]: 新增 cmdline.md 需要翻译
[misc]: 开始使用 Dart get-started.md 更新了 DartPad 的引用，添加了一行 js
[misc]: DartPad dartpad_picker_main.dart.js 更新了一处代码
[misc]: dart-cheatsheet.md 新增内容
[misc]: Dart 备忘录 dart-cheatsheet  新增内容
[misc]: DartPad 目录 index.md 新增 web 嵌入式 DartPad 相关信息。
[misc]: pub 命令 pub-deps.md 新增依赖输出格式描述
[misc]: pub 更新器 pub-uploader.md

src/tools/dartpad/troubleshoot.md, after:

---
title: Troubleshooting DartPad
title: DartPad 问题排查
description: Common problems with using DartPad
description: 在使用 DartPad 时的常见问题
---

This page describes solutions to problems that might occur when
you're trying to use DartPad, whether at [dartpad.dev]({{ site.dartpad }})
or in a page that has embedded DartPads.
For an overview of DartPad, see the
[DartPad page](/tools/dartpad).

## Embedded DartPads on flutter.dev are slow in Safari

Try using another major [browser that Dart supports][browser], such as Firefox,
Edge (dev channel), or Chrome. 
This issue is being tracked in the WebKit issue tracker.

[More information](https://github.com/dart-lang/dart-pad/issues/1108)

[browser]: /faq#q-what-browsers-do-you-support-as-javascript-compilation-targets


## Embedded DartPads don't appear

The dart.dev homepage and many codelabs have embedded DartPads.
If these DartPads don't appear at all,
then try the following:

* Make sure you're using a [supported browser][browser].
  DartPad might not work in other browsers, and is known not to work in
  the default configuration of the Brave browser.

* If you're using an ad blocker, disable it.

* Check whether you've disabled third-party
  tracking cookies ([Chrome instructions][chrome-cookies]).
  If you've disabled cookies, change your settings to
  **allow cookies for dartpad.dev.**

* If you repeatedly reload a page that contains embedded DartPads, 
  then you might run into [GitHub rate limiting.](https://developer.github.com/v3/#rate-limiting)
  Within 60 minutes, you should be able to reload the page and see code in the embedded DartPads.

Although DartPad doesn't use cookies, it does rely on local storage,
which browsers usually disable when cookies are disabled.


## DartPad doesn't work in China
  
Try [dartpad.cn.](https://dartpad.cn)

## Other issues

If you have any other problems when using DartPad,
[create an issue on GitHub.][new-issue]

[chrome-cookies]: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
[new-issue]: https://github.com/dart-lang/dart-pad/issues/new
