src/faq.md, before:

---
title: Dart FAQ
title: Dart 常见问题和解答
short-title: FAQ
description: You have questions about Dart, we have answers.
description: Dart 常见问题和解答。
---

_Updated June 2019_

This page collects some of the top questions we've heard from the community
since Dart was open sourced.


## General

### Q. Is there a specification for Dart?

Yes. Dart 1 has a formal specification owned by [Ecma TC52][tc52].

Dart 2.x is currently being specified; the specification is available from the
[Dart language specification](/guides/language/spec) page.

### Q. How are you taking input on changes to Dart?

We listen to feedback and [issues,][SDK issues] and we review patches from contributors.
A contributor with a good track record can become a committer to the repository.
Google engineers will also be working in the public repository, making visible
changes. The project is lucky to have received many external patches and has
welcomed distributed committers.

---

## Language

### Q. Isn't Dart a lot like Java?

Dart has some similarities with Java. See the [Intro to Dart for Java
Developers](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/from-java-to-dart/)
codelab for examples of some of the differences between Dart and Java.

### Q. How does Dart relate to Go?

Dart and Go are both language projects started at Google, but they
are independent and have different goals. As a result,
they make different choices, and the languages have very different
natures, even while we all try to learn from each others' work.

### Q. Why isn't Dart more like Haskell / Smalltalk / Python / Scala / other language?

Various reasons, depending on the language being asked about.

For languages that are quite different from JavaScript: it's important for Dart
to compile to efficient JavaScript.  Our experience in GWT is that if the source
language is too different from JavaScript, it creates some cases where complex
output code is needed to emulate the source language's behavior. This can cause
performance to vary in ways that are not transparent to the programmer.

For languages that are compiled to native code: it's important that Dart
compiles efficiently to machine code, and thus it shares a number of aspects
with other compiled languages.

For languages that are "more dynamic" than Dart: Dart deliberately trades off
some of this arbitrary runtime modification for the goal of better performance
and more productive tools.

### Q. Why isn't Dart syntax more exciting?

We did throw in some nice syntactic features such as `this.` constructor args
and `=>` for one-line functions, but we'd agree that Dart chooses
familiarity over excitement. One team member's personal testimonial:
"I wish it had a little more razzle dazzle but I can't deny that
literally on my first day of writing Dart code, I was productive in it."

### Q. Does Dart have reflection capabilities?

For servers and command-line scripts, we have reflection support from the
[mirrors API.]({{site.dart_api}}/{{site.data.pkg-vers.SDK.channel}}/dart-mirrors)
There is no support for mirrors when using Dart to write web or
Flutter apps ([more info][Flutter no mirrors]).

### Q. Can Dart add tuples, pattern matching, non-nullable types, partial evaluation, optional semicolons, ...?

Future releases might be able to include (some of) those features, although
we can't include everything. Some features don't fit the basic nature of the
language, and some don't play well with other features. Simplicity is the single
most important gift we can give to future programmers.

Please look at the [language funnel][language funnel] and
[language issues list][language issues] to see if your request is already there.
If it is, let us know that you care and give it a thumbs up. Otherwise, go ahead
and add a new request issue (see the [language evolution process][language process]
for details).  Make a thoughtful argument for your feature. Sample code with and
without your feature is good evidence; a sizeable codebase that shows the need
is even better evidence.

Don't be surprised if the Dart language team says "no" by default.
It's far more painful to remove a language feature than to add it, so
Dart is likely to add the most obvious features first, and then revisit the next
tier later.  And there simply are more possible language features in the world
that can fit into any single language without making a total hash of it.   But
we do very much appreciate suggestions and evidence.  We hope you'll see our
appreciation through careful design choices and fair communication about them.

---

## Types

### Q. Is Dart a statically typed language?

Yes, Dart 2 is statically typed. For more information,
read about [Dart's type system][].

With its combination of static and runtime checks, Dart has a sound type system,
which guarantees that an expression of one type cannot produce a value of
another type. No surprises!

Even with type-safe Dart, you can annotate any variable with
`dynamic` if you need the flexibility of a dynamic language.
The `dynamic` type itself is static, but can contain any type at runtime.
Of course, that removes many of the benefits of a type-safe language
for that variable.

### Q. Why are generics covariant?

Covariant generics fit a common intuition that programmers have, and very often
this intuition is correct, such as in the common "read-only" use of a generic.
Although this intuition isn't always correct, Dart is erring on the side of
convenience by having covariant generics.

The only other reasonable default variance would be invariance. While having
only invariant generics would definitely prevent more errors, it would also
prevent a lot of valid programs or require conversion every time you have a list
of “apples”, and someone just wants “fruits”.

We are familiar with a variety of ways that languages try to mark or infer
variance. We feel that variance inference systems add too much complexity for
their benefit in Dart.

Again, we're trying to be pragmatic, and we think the outcome is reasonable.

---

## Usage and tools

### Q. Does Dart support JSON?

Yes.  See the [JSON] converters in the dart:convert library.

### Q. Can Dart run on the server?

Yes. See [Dart on the Server] for details.

### Q. How do I use third party code, or share code?

You can find many packages on the [pub.dev site][pub] a service for hosting
packages of Dart code. Use the `pub` command to package your code and upload
to the site.

### Q. Do I need to use a particular editor or IDE to write Dart code?

Nope. You can try out Dart code with [DartPad,][DartPad] and then use your favorite
editor or IDE for development. Some full-featured IDEs such as IntelliJ IDEA,
WebStorm, and Visual Studio Code have Dart plugins. Open source Dart plugins
also exist for a number of editors. For more information, see the [Dart tools][].

### Q. Can I build an Android app with Dart?

Yes! You can build an Android app that also works on iOS from a single codebase
using [Flutter][Flutter], which is powered by the Dart platform.

### Q. What are some real-world production deployments of Dart?

Google AdWords, AdSense, AdMob, and the Google Assistant all use Dart.
A significant portion of Google's revenue flows through these apps.
Inside or outside of Google, every Flutter app uses Dart.


[dartisnotjava]: http://programming.oreilly.com/2013/05/dart-is-not-the-language-you-think-it-is.html
[pnacl]: https://developer.chrome.com/native-client/overview
[SDK issues]: https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues
[language issues]: https://github.com/dart-lang/language/issues
[language funnel]: https://github.com/dart-lang/language/projects/1
[language process]: https://github.com/dart-lang/language/blob/master/doc/life_of_a_language_feature.md
[pub]: {{site.pub}}
[announcement]: https://blog.chromium.org/2013/11/dart-10-stable-sdk-for-structured-web.html
[lang]: /guides/language/language-tour
[libs]: /guides/libraries/library-tour
[JSON]: {{site.dart_api}}/{{site.data.pkg-vers.SDK.channel}}/dart-convert/JsonCodec-class.html
[tc52]: {{site.news}}/2013/12/ecma-forms-tc52-for-dart-standardization.html
[Dart on the Server]: https://dart-lang.github.io/server/
[Dart tools]: /tools/
[Dart and Google Cloud Platform]: https://dart-lang.github.io/server/google-cloud-platform/
[Who Uses Dart]: /community/who-uses-dart
[spec]: https://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-408.htm
[DEP]: https://github.com/dart-lang/dart_enhancement_proposals
[DartPad]: {{site.dartpad}}
[Flutter]: {{site.flutter}}
[DDC]: https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/tree/master/pkg/dev_compiler#dev_compiler
[strong mode]: /guides/language/sound-dart
[Dart's type system]: /guides/language/sound-dart
[Flutter no mirrors]: {{site.flutter}}/faq/#does-flutter-come-with-a-reflectionmirrors-system

---

## Native execution

### Q. Can I compile Dart code to native code?

Yes. For programs targeting devices (mobile, desktop, server, and more), [Dart
Native](/platforms#dart-native-vm-jit-and-aot) includes both a Dart VM with JIT
(just-in-time) compilation and an AOT (ahead-of-time) compiler for producing
machine code.

[Flutter][] is a sample framework that uses Dart's native compilation capability
to produce fast native apps.

### Q. Can I compile a Dart program for running in a terminal?

Yes. Dart programs can be compiled to native x64 machine code for running in a
Terminal/Command Prompt on desktop operating systems such as Windows, macOS, and
Linux. For more details, see the [dart2native][] documentation.

---


## Web: general

### Q. What browsers do you support as JavaScript compilation targets?

The _production_ compiler ([dart2js][]) supports Internet Explorer 11
and the last two major releases of the following browsers:

  * Chrome
  * Edge
  * Firefox
  * Safari

The _development_ compiler ([dartdevc][]) supports only Chrome.

### Q. Is Dart supported by my browser?

Although no production browsers can execute Dart code directly,
all modern browsers can execute Dart code that's been compiled to JavaScript.

### Q. How do I debug an app?

For setup details and a walkthrough, see [Debugging Dart Web Apps](/web/debugging).

The [debugging](/tools/dart2js#debugging) section of the dart2js documentation
has some tips for specific browsers.

### Q. What web frameworks can I use with Dart?

You can use the low-level HTML API defined by core libraries such as dart:html,
or you can use a framework such as [AngularDart][].
During Google I/O 2019 we [announced][fwebannounce] a technical preview of
[Flutter for web][] that lets you take Flutter UI code and business logic
and run it directly in the browser.

### Q. Will the Dart VM get into Chrome?

[No.]({{site.news}}/2015/03/dart-for-entire-web.html)
Dart is designed to compile to JavaScript to run across the modern web.

---

## Web: JavaScript and other technologies

### Q. How does Dart code interoperate with JavaScript libraries?

Although Dart and JavaScript are completely separate languages with
separate VMs, they can interoperate. For more information, see
[JavaScript and TypeScript interop](/web/js-interop).

### Q. I have a large JavaScript codebase. How can I migrate it to Dart?

Try migrating one major feature at a time, and use the
[JavaScript interoperability library][package:js]
only when necessary.

### Q. How does Dart compare with using the Closure compiler on JavaScript?

The idea of optional type annotations is similar.
Dart's are nicer syntactically.

Compare the following Closure compiler code:

{% prettify dart %}
// Closure compiler code

/**
 * @param {String} name
 * @return {String}
 */
makeGreeting = function(name) {
  /** @type {String} */
  var greeting = 'hello ' + name;
  return greeting;
}
{% endprettify %}

With the following Dart code:

{% prettify dart %}
// Dart code

String makeGreeting(String name) {
  var greeting = 'hello $name';
  return greeting;
}
{% endprettify %}

### Q. How does Dart compare with CoffeeScript?

Both Dart and CoffeeScript are inspired by JavaScript, and both can be
translated back to it.  They make different choices, particularly in the flavor
of their syntax.  As a language we think it's fair to say that Dart differs
semantically from JavaScript more than CoffeeScript does; that may result in a
less line-for-line translation, but we believe Dart-generated JavaScript can
have excellent size and speed.

Dart introduces new semantics, while CoffeeScript retains the semantics
of JavaScript.

If you like CoffeeScript for its more structured feel than raw JavaScript, you
may like Dart's static type annotations.

### Q. What does Google think of TypeScript?

TypeScript and Dart have similar goals; they make building large-scale web
apps easier. However, their approaches are fairly different. TypeScript
maintains backwards compatability with JavaScript, whereas Dart purposely made a
break from certain parts of JavaScript’s syntax and semantics in order to
eradicate large classes of bugs and to improve performance. The web has suffered
from too little choice for too long, and we think that both Dart and TypeScript
are pointing to a brighter future for web developers. You can read a
[more complete response][typescript] on our blog.

### Q. I have a large app written in GWT. How do I port it to Dart?

Java and Dart are syntactically similar,
so this might be easier than you think.
You can rely on the [Dart analyzer][dartanalyzer]
to flag any syntax problems. Alternatively, you may
consider porting one feature at a time to Dart and using the
[JavaScript interoperability library][package:js] as the common middle
ground. Be sure to watch [Dart-JavaScript
interoperability,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIonwL-8hdE)
a talk from Dart Developer Summit 2016.

---

## Web: JavaScript compilation

### Q. Will any valid Dart code compile to JavaScript, or are there limitations?

We intend for any valid Dart code to compile to JavaScript.  Of course,
some libraries only run on the server or in Flutter.
For example, the `dart:io` library
provides access to operating system files and directories with APIs not
available to the browser.

### Q. Why does Dart have two JavaScript compilers, dartdevc and dart2js?

The two compilers have different use cases. You don't usually have to worry
about which compiler you're using, because the [webdev][] tool
chooses the right compiler for your use case. When you're developing your app,
webdev chooses [dartdevc][], which supports incremental compilation so
you can quickly see the results of your edits.
When you're building your app for deployment, webdev chooses [dart2js][],
which uses techniques such as tree shaking to produce optimized code.

### Q. How can dart2js produce JavaScript that runs faster than handwritten JavaScript?

Think of dart2js as a real compiler,
which can analyze your entire program and make optimizations
that you probably can't or won't do. Just like gcc can output efficient code
by moving code around, dart2js can take advantage of Dart's structured nature
to implement global optimizations.

We don't claim that all Dart code will run faster
than handwritten JavaScript, when compiled to JavaScript,
but we're working to make the common cases fast.

### Q. How can I write Dart code that compiles to performant JavaScript?

See [Helping dart2js generate better
code](/tools/dart2js#helping-dart2js-generate-efficient-code).
Just be aware that this information might change as the implementation of
dart2js changes.

### Q. Why is the code for "Hello, World" so big, compared to the original Dart code after compilation to JavaScript?

We believe that it's important to create small and efficient JavaScript
from Dart, but most developers don't write "Hello, World" apps. It's all
relative, and with tree shaking (dead code elimination), minification, and
compression, Dart apps can be compiled to JavaScript fairly efficiently.

Kevin Moore [saw improvements][ppwsize] in the size of the generated
JavaScript from his real-world HTML5 game.

The dart2js team strives to generate smaller output, but is more focused on
real-world apps instead of trivial examples.

### Q. How are floating point numbers handled when compiled to JavaScript?

JavaScript has only one number representation: an IEEE-754 double-precision
floating-point number. This means that any number&mdash;integer or floating
point&mdash;is represented as a double. JavaScript has typed data arrays,
and the mapping from native Dart typed lists to JavaScript typed arrays is trivial.

### Q. How are integers handled when compiled to JavaScript?

Because all numbers are stored as doubles,
integers are restricted to a 53-bit precision.
Integer values in the range of -2<sup>53</sup> to 2<sup>53</sup> can be stored
without loss of accuracy.
Because JavaScript VMs play tricks
with the internal representation of numbers
(similar to those described above),
staying within smi range is still good practice.

### Q. How are typed lists handled when compiled to JavaScript?

JavaScript offers typed arrays
that are compatible with Dart’s typed lists.
The mapping is trivial—for example,
Float32List becomes a Float32Array.
The one exception today is that dart2js does not support 64-bit integers
and thus does not support Int64List or Uint64List.
Dart code compiled via dart2js results in a runtime exception
if either of those lists is used.

### Q. Why not compile Dart to asm.js instead of JavaScript?

Asm.js is a very restricted subset of JavaScript best suited as a compilation
target for C compilers. It does not include JavaScript objects or direct
access to the DOM. Essentially, it allows only arithmetic operations and
manipulations on typed arrays.

While it is possible to implement the features that Dart requires,
they would incur a large overhead in both speed and size, compared to
relying on the already existing features provided by the underlying
JavaScript engine.
For example, any JavaScript machine comes with a garbage collector;
implementing another one in asm.js would increase the output size, and be
noticeably slower than the well-tuned garbage collectors of
modern JavaScript VMs.


[ppwsize]: https://work.j832.com/2012/11/excited-to-see-dart2js-minified-output.html
[sourcemaps]: http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/sourcemaps/
[package:js]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/js
[AngularDart]: {{site.angulardart}}
[Polymer Dart]: https://github.com/dart-archive/polymer-dart/wiki
[dart2js]: /tools/dart2js
[dart2native]: /tools/dart2native
[dartanalyzer]: /tools/dartanalyzer
[dartdevc]: /tools/dartdevc
[chrome.dart]: https://github.com/dart-gde/chrome.dart
[fixallthethings]: https://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com/2010/06/this-is-why-ill-never-be-adult.html
[typescript]: {{site.news}}/2012/10/the-dart-team-welcomes-typescript.html
[webdev]: /tools/webdev
[fwebannounce]: https://medium.com/flutter-io/bringing-flutter-to-the-web-904de05f0df0
[Flutter for web]: {{site.flutter}}/web

Commit message:

[sync] 2019/11/24
11/24 文档更新：
[misc]: "Dart 语言核心库 src/_guides/language/language-tour.md" 页面加入了更清晰的分类方法，将全平台、原生平台和 Web 平台可用的库做出了较为明细的规整。 [misc]: "Dart 开发语言概览 src/_guides/libraries/index.md" 页面更新和规整了新的提醒块显示的样式。
[misc]: _config.yml 新增 版本记录 （version note）
[misc]: Dart 命名风格 style.md 新增 **extensions** 命名风格
[misc]: 创建 dart 库 create-library-packages.md 新增 **Conditionally importing and exporting**，用于多平台判断导入/导出的文件。
[misc]: dart 库指南 library-tour.md 处理 site alert
[misc]: 异步 2.0 async-await-2.0.md 解释了 dart 1.x 与 2.0 中异步方法的执行方式及区别。
[misc]: 流 streams.md 处理 site alert
[misc]: 新增 cmdline.md 需要翻译
[misc]: 开始使用 Dart get-started.md 更新了 DartPad 的引用，添加了一行 js
[misc]: DartPad dartpad_picker_main.dart.js 更新了一处代码
[misc]: dart-cheatsheet.md 新增内容
[misc]: Dart 备忘录 dart-cheatsheet  新增内容
[misc]: DartPad 目录 index.md 新增 web 嵌入式 DartPad 相关信息。
[misc]: pub 命令 pub-deps.md 新增依赖输出格式描述
[misc]: pub 更新器 pub-uploader.md

src/faq.md, after:

---
title: Dart FAQ
title: Dart 常见问题和解答
short-title: FAQ
description: You have questions about Dart, we have answers.
description: Dart 常见问题和解答。
---

_Updated June 2019_

This page collects some of the top questions we've heard from the community
since Dart was open sourced.


## General

### Q. Is there a specification for Dart?

Yes. Dart 1 has a formal specification owned by [Ecma TC52][tc52].

Dart 2.x is currently being specified; the specification is available from the
[Dart language specification](/guides/language/spec) page.

### Q. How are you taking input on changes to Dart?

We listen to feedback and [issues,][SDK issues] and we review patches from contributors.
A contributor with a good track record can become a committer to the repository.
Google engineers will also be working in the public repository, making visible
changes. The project is lucky to have received many external patches and has
welcomed distributed committers.

---

## Language

### Q. Isn't Dart a lot like Java?

Dart has some similarities with Java. See the [Intro to Dart for Java
Developers](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/from-java-to-dart/)
codelab for examples of some of the differences between Dart and Java.

### Q. How does Dart relate to Go?

Dart and Go are both language projects started at Google, but they
are independent and have different goals. As a result,
they make different choices, and the languages have very different
natures, even while we all try to learn from each others' work.

### Q. Why isn't Dart more like Haskell / Smalltalk / Python / Scala / other language?

Various reasons, depending on the language being asked about.

For languages that are quite different from JavaScript: it's important for Dart
to compile to efficient JavaScript.  Our experience in GWT is that if the source
language is too different from JavaScript, it creates some cases where complex
output code is needed to emulate the source language's behavior. This can cause
performance to vary in ways that are not transparent to the programmer.

For languages that are compiled to native code: it's important that Dart
compiles efficiently to machine code, and thus it shares a number of aspects
with other compiled languages.

For languages that are "more dynamic" than Dart: Dart deliberately trades off
some of this arbitrary runtime modification for the goal of better performance
and more productive tools.

### Q. Why isn't Dart syntax more exciting?

We did throw in some nice syntactic features such as `this.` constructor args
and `=>` for one-line functions, but we'd agree that Dart chooses
familiarity over excitement. One team member's personal testimonial:
"I wish it had a little more razzle dazzle but I can't deny that
literally on my first day of writing Dart code, I was productive in it."

### Q. Does Dart have reflection capabilities?

For servers and command-line scripts, we have reflection support from the
[mirrors API.]({{site.dart_api}}/{{site.data.pkg-vers.SDK.channel}}/dart-mirrors)
There is no support for mirrors when using Dart to write web or
Flutter apps ([more info][Flutter no mirrors]).

### Q. Can Dart add tuples, pattern matching, non-nullable types, partial evaluation, optional semicolons, ...?

Future releases might be able to include (some of) those features, although
we can't include everything. Some features don't fit the basic nature of the
language, and some don't play well with other features. Simplicity is the single
most important gift we can give to future programmers.

Please look at the [language funnel][language funnel] and
[language issues list][language issues] to see if your request is already there.
If it is, let us know that you care and give it a thumbs up. Otherwise, go ahead
and add a new request issue (see the [language evolution process][language process]
for details).  Make a thoughtful argument for your feature. Sample code with and
without your feature is good evidence; a sizeable codebase that shows the need
is even better evidence.

Don't be surprised if the Dart language team says "no" by default.
It's far more painful to remove a language feature than to add it, so
Dart is likely to add the most obvious features first, and then revisit the next
tier later.  And there simply are more possible language features in the world
that can fit into any single language without making a total hash of it.   But
we do very much appreciate suggestions and evidence.  We hope you'll see our
appreciation through careful design choices and fair communication about them.

---

## Types

### Q. Is Dart a statically typed language?

Yes, Dart 2 is statically typed. For more information,
read about [Dart's type system][].

With its combination of static and runtime checks, Dart has a sound type system,
which guarantees that an expression of one type cannot produce a value of
another type. No surprises!

Even with type-safe Dart, you can annotate any variable with
`dynamic` if you need the flexibility of a dynamic language.
The `dynamic` type itself is static, but can contain any type at runtime.
Of course, that removes many of the benefits of a type-safe language
for that variable.

### Q. Why are generics covariant?

Covariant generics fit a common intuition that programmers have, and very often
this intuition is correct, such as in the common "read-only" use of a generic.
Although this intuition isn't always correct, Dart is erring on the side of
convenience by having covariant generics.

The only other reasonable default variance would be invariance. While having
only invariant generics would definitely prevent more errors, it would also
prevent a lot of valid programs or require conversion every time you have a list
of “apples”, and someone just wants “fruits”.

We are familiar with a variety of ways that languages try to mark or infer
variance. We feel that variance inference systems add too much complexity for
their benefit in Dart.

Again, we're trying to be pragmatic, and we think the outcome is reasonable.

---

## Usage and tools

### Q. Does Dart support JSON?

Yes.  See the [JSON] converters in the dart:convert library.

### Q. Can Dart run on the server?

Yes. See [Dart on the Server] for details.

### Q. How do I use third party code, or share code?

You can find many packages on the [pub.dev site][pub] a service for hosting
packages of Dart code. Use the `pub` command to package your code and upload
to the site.

### Q. Do I need to use a particular editor or IDE to write Dart code?

Nope. You can try out Dart code with [DartPad,][DartPad] and then use your favorite
editor or IDE for development. Some full-featured IDEs such as IntelliJ IDEA,
WebStorm, and Visual Studio Code have Dart plugins. Open source Dart plugins
also exist for a number of editors. For more information, see the [Dart tools][].

### Q. Can I build an Android app with Dart?

Yes! You can build an Android app that also works on iOS from a single codebase
using [Flutter][Flutter], which is powered by the Dart platform.

### Q. What are some real-world production deployments of Dart?

Google AdWords, AdSense, AdMob, and the Google Assistant all use Dart.
A significant portion of Google's revenue flows through these apps.
Inside or outside of Google, every Flutter app uses Dart.


[dartisnotjava]: http://programming.oreilly.com/2013/05/dart-is-not-the-language-you-think-it-is.html
[pnacl]: https://developer.chrome.com/native-client/overview
[SDK issues]: https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues
[language issues]: https://github.com/dart-lang/language/issues
[language funnel]: https://github.com/dart-lang/language/projects/1
[language process]: https://github.com/dart-lang/language/blob/master/doc/life_of_a_language_feature.md
[pub]: {{site.pub}}
[announcement]: https://blog.chromium.org/2013/11/dart-10-stable-sdk-for-structured-web.html
[lang]: /guides/language/language-tour
[libs]: /guides/libraries/library-tour
[JSON]: {{site.dart_api}}/{{site.data.pkg-vers.SDK.channel}}/dart-convert/JsonCodec-class.html
[tc52]: {{site.news}}/2013/12/ecma-forms-tc52-for-dart-standardization.html
[Dart on the Server]: https://dart-lang.github.io/server/
[Dart tools]: /tools/
[Dart and Google Cloud Platform]: https://dart-lang.github.io/server/google-cloud-platform/
[Who Uses Dart]: /community/who-uses-dart
[spec]: https://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-408.htm
[DEP]: https://github.com/dart-lang/dart_enhancement_proposals
[DartPad]: {{site.dartpad}}
[Flutter]: {{site.flutter}}
[DDC]: https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/tree/master/pkg/dev_compiler#dev_compiler
[strong mode]: /guides/language/sound-dart
[Dart's type system]: /guides/language/sound-dart
[Flutter no mirrors]: {{site.flutter}}/faq/#does-flutter-come-with-a-reflectionmirrors-system

---

## Native execution

### Q. Can I compile Dart code to native code?

Yes. For programs targeting devices (mobile, desktop, server, and more), [Dart
Native](/platforms#dart-native-vm-jit-and-aot) includes both a Dart VM with JIT
(just-in-time) compilation and an AOT (ahead-of-time) compiler for producing
machine code.

[Flutter][] is a sample framework that uses Dart's native compilation capability
to produce fast native apps.

### Q. Can I compile a Dart program for running in a terminal?

Yes. Dart programs can be compiled to native x64 machine code for running in a
Terminal/Command Prompt on desktop operating systems such as Windows, macOS, and
Linux. For more details, see the [dart2native][] documentation.

### Q. Which is faster — AOT- or JIT-compiled code?

Code that's compiled ahead-of-time (_AOT_) with a compiler such as [dart2native][]
has different performance characteristics from
code that's compiled just-in-time (_JIT_) in the Dart VM.
AOT-compiled code is guaranteed to have fast startup and consistent runtime
performance, with no latency during early runs. JIT-compiled code is slower at
startup, but it can have better peak performance after it runs
long enough for runtime optimizations to be applied.

---


## Web: general

### Q. What browsers do you support as JavaScript compilation targets?

The _production_ compiler ([dart2js][]) supports Internet Explorer 11
and the last two major releases of the following browsers:

  * Chrome
  * Edge
  * Firefox
  * Safari

The _development_ compiler ([dartdevc][]) supports only Chrome.

### Q. Is Dart supported by my browser?

Although no production browsers can execute Dart code directly,
all modern browsers can execute Dart code that's been compiled to JavaScript.

### Q. How do I debug an app?

For setup details and a walkthrough, see [Debugging Dart Web Apps](/web/debugging).

The [debugging](/tools/dart2js#debugging) section of the dart2js documentation
has some tips for specific browsers.

### Q. What web frameworks can I use with Dart?

You can use the low-level HTML API defined by core libraries such as dart:html,
or you can use a framework such as [AngularDart][].
During Google I/O 2019 we [announced][fwebannounce] a technical preview of
[Flutter for web][] that lets you take Flutter UI code and business logic
and run it directly in the browser.

### Q. Will the Dart VM get into Chrome?

[No.]({{site.news}}/2015/03/dart-for-entire-web.html)
Dart is designed to compile to JavaScript to run across the modern web.

---

## Web: JavaScript and other technologies

### Q. How does Dart code interoperate with JavaScript libraries?

Although Dart and JavaScript are completely separate languages with
separate VMs, they can interoperate. For more information, see
[JavaScript and TypeScript interop](/web/js-interop).

### Q. I have a large JavaScript codebase. How can I migrate it to Dart?

Try migrating one major feature at a time, and use the
[JavaScript interoperability library][package:js]
only when necessary.

### Q. How does Dart compare with using the Closure compiler on JavaScript?

The idea of optional type annotations is similar.
Dart's are nicer syntactically.

Compare the following Closure compiler code:

{% prettify dart %}
// Closure compiler code

/**
 * @param {String} name
 * @return {String}
 */
makeGreeting = function(name) {
  /** @type {String} */
  var greeting = 'hello ' + name;
  return greeting;
}
{% endprettify %}

With the following Dart code:

{% prettify dart %}
// Dart code

String makeGreeting(String name) {
  var greeting = 'hello $name';
  return greeting;
}
{% endprettify %}

### Q. How does Dart compare with CoffeeScript?

Both Dart and CoffeeScript are inspired by JavaScript, and both can be
translated back to it.  They make different choices, particularly in the flavor
of their syntax.  As a language we think it's fair to say that Dart differs
semantically from JavaScript more than CoffeeScript does; that may result in a
less line-for-line translation, but we believe Dart-generated JavaScript can
have excellent size and speed.

Dart introduces new semantics, while CoffeeScript retains the semantics
of JavaScript.

If you like CoffeeScript for its more structured feel than raw JavaScript, you
may like Dart's static type annotations.

### Q. What does Google think of TypeScript?

TypeScript and Dart have similar goals; they make building large-scale web
apps easier. However, their approaches are fairly different. TypeScript
maintains backwards compatability with JavaScript, whereas Dart purposely made a
break from certain parts of JavaScript’s syntax and semantics in order to
eradicate large classes of bugs and to improve performance. The web has suffered
from too little choice for too long, and we think that both Dart and TypeScript
are pointing to a brighter future for web developers. You can read a
[more complete response][typescript] on our blog.

### Q. I have a large app written in GWT. How do I port it to Dart?

Java and Dart are syntactically similar,
so this might be easier than you think.
You can rely on the [Dart analyzer][dartanalyzer]
to flag any syntax problems. Alternatively, you may
consider porting one feature at a time to Dart and using the
[JavaScript interoperability library][package:js] as the common middle
ground. Be sure to watch [Dart-JavaScript
interoperability,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIonwL-8hdE)
a talk from Dart Developer Summit 2016.

---

## Web: JavaScript compilation

### Q. Will any valid Dart code compile to JavaScript, or are there limitations?

We intend for any valid Dart code to compile to JavaScript.  Of course,
some libraries only run on the server or in Flutter.
For example, the `dart:io` library
provides access to operating system files and directories with APIs not
available to the browser.

### Q. Why does Dart have two JavaScript compilers, dartdevc and dart2js?

The two compilers have different use cases. You don't usually have to worry
about which compiler you're using, because the [webdev][] tool
chooses the right compiler for your use case. When you're developing your app,
webdev chooses [dartdevc][], which supports incremental compilation so
you can quickly see the results of your edits.
When you're building your app for deployment, webdev chooses [dart2js][],
which uses techniques such as tree shaking to produce optimized code.

### Q. How can dart2js produce JavaScript that runs faster than handwritten JavaScript?

Think of dart2js as a real compiler,
which can analyze your entire program and make optimizations
that you probably can't or won't do. Just like gcc can output efficient code
by moving code around, dart2js can take advantage of Dart's structured nature
to implement global optimizations.

We don't claim that all Dart code will run faster
than handwritten JavaScript, when compiled to JavaScript,
but we're working to make the common cases fast.

### Q. How can I write Dart code that compiles to performant JavaScript?

See [Helping dart2js generate better
code](/tools/dart2js#helping-dart2js-generate-efficient-code).
Just be aware that this information might change as the implementation of
dart2js changes.

### Q. Why is the code for "Hello, World" so big, compared to the original Dart code after compilation to JavaScript?

We believe that it's important to create small and efficient JavaScript
from Dart, but most developers don't write "Hello, World" apps. It's all
relative, and with tree shaking (dead code elimination), minification, and
compression, Dart apps can be compiled to JavaScript fairly efficiently.

Kevin Moore [saw improvements][ppwsize] in the size of the generated
JavaScript from his real-world HTML5 game.

The dart2js team strives to generate smaller output, but is more focused on
real-world apps instead of trivial examples.

### Q. How are floating point numbers handled when compiled to JavaScript?

JavaScript has only one number representation: an IEEE-754 double-precision
floating-point number. This means that any number&mdash;integer or floating
point&mdash;is represented as a double. JavaScript has typed data arrays,
and the mapping from native Dart typed lists to JavaScript typed arrays is trivial.

### Q. How are integers handled when compiled to JavaScript?

Because all numbers are stored as doubles,
integers are restricted to a 53-bit precision.
Integer values in the range of -2<sup>53</sup> to 2<sup>53</sup> can be stored
without loss of accuracy.
Because JavaScript VMs play tricks
with the internal representation of numbers
(similar to those described above),
staying within smi range is still good practice.

### Q. How are typed lists handled when compiled to JavaScript?

JavaScript offers typed arrays
that are compatible with Dart’s typed lists.
The mapping is trivial—for example,
Float32List becomes a Float32Array.
The one exception today is that dart2js does not support 64-bit integers
and thus does not support Int64List or Uint64List.
Dart code compiled via dart2js results in a runtime exception
if either of those lists is used.

### Q. Why not compile Dart to asm.js instead of JavaScript?

Asm.js is a very restricted subset of JavaScript best suited as a compilation
target for C compilers. It does not include JavaScript objects or direct
access to the DOM. Essentially, it allows only arithmetic operations and
manipulations on typed arrays.

While it is possible to implement the features that Dart requires,
they would incur a large overhead in both speed and size, compared to
relying on the already existing features provided by the underlying
JavaScript engine.
For example, any JavaScript machine comes with a garbage collector;
implementing another one in asm.js would increase the output size, and be
noticeably slower than the well-tuned garbage collectors of
modern JavaScript VMs.


[ppwsize]: https://work.j832.com/2012/11/excited-to-see-dart2js-minified-output.html
[sourcemaps]: https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/sourcemaps/
[package:js]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/js
[AngularDart]: {{site.angulardart}}
[Polymer Dart]: https://github.com/dart-archive/polymer-dart/wiki
[dart2js]: /tools/dart2js
[dart2native]: /tools/dart2native
[dartanalyzer]: /tools/dartanalyzer
[dartdevc]: /tools/dartdevc
[chrome.dart]: https://github.com/dart-gde/chrome.dart
[fixallthethings]: https://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com/2010/06/this-is-why-ill-never-be-adult.html
[typescript]: {{site.news}}/2012/10/the-dart-team-welcomes-typescript.html
[webdev]: /tools/webdev
[fwebannounce]: https://medium.com/flutter-io/bringing-flutter-to-the-web-904de05f0df0
[Flutter for web]: {{site.flutter}}/web
